📄 Company - Culture Page Migrated (#1498)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Website: content/company/culture.mdx

---
seo: 
  title: SSW Culture
  description: >

>     SSW's company culture is rooted in .NET consultancy, Scrum methodologies, 
>     and software development best practices. Experience our "Make it happen" 
>     approach, commitment to workplace happiness, and innovative tech solutions 
>     in Australia and beyond.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SSW's company culture is rooted in .NET consultancy, Scrum methodologies, 
    and software development best practices. Our "Make it happen" makes us one of the most effective, efficient, and 
    innovative tech consultancies in Australia and beyond.
```

  title: SSW Culture
  description: >
    SSW's company culture is rooted in .NET consultancy, Scrum methodologies, 

>     and software development best practices. Our "Make it happen" makes us one of the most effective, efficient, and 

Author: Should this say `"Make it happen" approach`?

Reviewer: yes, test pass otherwise
